README.md, before:

# Magic Transporter Rest API

## Overview

Magic Transporter API is a RESTful API built with Node.js, TypeScript, and MongoDB. This API allows you to manage "Magic Movers" and "Magic Items," track their loading activities, and log missions.

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [API Endpoints](#api-endpoints)
- [Database Schema](#database-schema)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Features

- Add a Magic Mover.
- Add a Magic Item.
- Load a Magic Mover with items, creating a DB log of this activity.
- Start a mission and update the Magic Mover's state to "on-mission."
- End a mission and unload all items, reverting the state to "resting."
- Fetch a list of Magic Movers sorted by the number of missions completed.

## Technologies

- **Node.js**: JavaScript runtime for building the API.
- **TypeScript**: Superset of JavaScript that adds static types.
- **MongoDB**: NoSQL database for storing Magic Movers and Magic Items.
- **Mongoose**: ODM (Object Data Modeling) library for MongoDB and Node.js.
- **Express**: Web framework for building RESTful APIs.

## Installation

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (v14 or later)
- [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/community) (installed locally or use MongoDB Atlas)
- [mongosh](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/mongodb-shell/) (MongoDB shell)

### Steps

1. Clone the repository:

   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/magic-mover-api.git
   cd magic-mover-api

2. Install dependencies:
   npm install

3. Create a .env file in the root directory and configure your MongoDB URI:

   MONGODB_URI=mongodb://localhost:27017/magic-mover

4. Run the API:
   
   npm run dev

Commit message:

add tests and finish documintation

README.md, after:

# Magic Transporter Rest API

## Overview

Magic Transporter API is a RESTful API built with Node.js, TypeScript, and MongoDB. This API allows you to manage "Magic Movers" and "Magic Items," track their loading activities, and log missions.

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [API Endpoints](#api-endpoints)
- [Database Schema](#database-schema)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Features

- Add a Magic Mover.
- Add a Magic Item.
- Load a Magic Mover with items, creating a DB log of this activity.
- Start a mission and update the Magic Mover's state to "on-mission."
- End a mission and unload all items, reverting the state to "resting."
- Fetch a list of Magic Movers sorted by the number of missions completed.

## Technologies

- **Node.js**: JavaScript runtime for building the API.
- **TypeScript**: Superset of JavaScript that adds static types.
- **MongoDB**: NoSQL database for storing Magic Movers and Magic Items.
- **Mongoose**: ODM (Object Data Modeling) library for MongoDB and Node.js.
- **Express**: Web framework for building RESTful APIs.

## Installation

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (v14 or later)
- [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/community) (installed locally or use MongoDB Atlas)
- [mongosh](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/mongodb-shell/) (MongoDB shell)

### Steps

1. Clone the repository:

   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/magic-mover-api.git
   cd magic-mover-api

2. Install dependencies:
   npm install

3. Create a .env file in the root directory and configure your MongoDB URI:

   MONGODB_URI=mongodb://localhost:27017/magic-mover

4. Run the API in development mode:
   
   npm run dev

5. Build the project :

   npm run build


6. run project in production mode :
  
  npm start


7. to run tests : 
  
  npm test
